

BRANDING
ARTWORK POLICY
The customer hereby indemnifies MerchLab, its directors, officers, agents and affiliates (“MerchLab Indemnitees”) and holds them harmless against any claims, losses, damages, injuries and liabilities (including court costs, legal fees and deductibles under its own insurance policies) from brand/trademark owners arising from the provision of Services/Supply, save where and to the extent such claims, losses, damages, injuries or liabilities arose as a result of any negligent act or omission of MerchLab or the MerchLab employees acting in the course and scope of their employment with MerchLab.
ARTWORK GUIDELINES AND PROCESS
All artwork should be uploaded onto our website for processing, alternatively, if your MerchLab profile indicates that the artwork can be sent to us, please send it directly to the relevant Account Manager;
All final layouts should be approved online
COD clients are expected to make full payment and credit term clients should ensure that they have sufficient credit available
Branding will only commence once the layout is approved and full payment is received.
It is the responsibility of the customer to ensure that approval has been obtained from the brand/trademark owner before branding of any items.
Branding lead times are quoted from the day after artwork approval and proof of payment is received, whichever is later.
For expedited clearing of orders you are encouraged to pay for orders online through the payment portal that can be accessed on our website or if paying into one of our bank accounts, please use the order number as reference and e-mail your proof of payment to info@merchlab.co.za.
All orders and the status of these will be communicated via eMail/WhatsApp, if you have any queries about these please contact us.
ARTWORK SUBMISSION
Only PC format artwork will be accepted, vector artwork is preferred and fonts need to be converted to curves. Artwork in the following file formats will be acceptable:.
CDR
.EPS
.AI
.PDF
Formats we do not accept:
Word or PowerPoint files (Or images saved from them)
Gif and Jpeg (under 300dpi)
FreeHand
Artwork for multicoloured imprints must be sent as a colour separated file, save for in the instance of digital printing.
If typesetting is required, clients must include font and size. To avoid font substitutions, all fonts submitted must be converted to “curves”.
Artwork not received in the correct format will attract a redrawing fee of R450 excl. VAT and require 24 hour lead-time. All artwork requests, approvals and proof of payments are to be sent to the relevant branch personnel.
ARTWORK APPROVAL AND APPLICABLE FEES
All artwork needs to be approved, branding will only commence once artwork has been approved and full payment for the order has been received.
By approving the artwork;
You accept the layout as depicted in the artwork, you have ensured that the item being branded, colour and size of the item are correct.
MerchLab will not be held accountable for any spelling or artwork errors on items branded in accordance with the approved artwork.
Once artwork has been approved, no changes will be accepted.
Printing colours will be matched as close as possible to pantone colours or swatches supplied, we do not guarantee a 100% colour match.
We do not guarantee any print onto metal or ceramics.
Additional fees do not apply to artwork received in the correct format however artwork received in the incorrect format will attract a redrawing fee of R200 excluding VAT. This fee will accommodate two further changes to the layouts, where after any additional changes will be charged at R100 excluding VAT per change.
Branding cancelled after layouts have been generated will be charged at R100 excluding VAT per layout completed.
DISPLAY
Where skins are available for sale as stand-alone items, MerchLab is able to refit skins onto MerchLab-purchased hardware from our Johannesburg Head Office. Should a client request that MerchLab refit skins, the return of hardware to MerchLab Johannesburg Head Office will be for the client’s account. Once complete, MerchLab will send the items to an MerchLab branch, within South Africa, of the client’s choice. Alternatively, the items can remain at MerchLab Johannesburg for client collection.
Refitting of skins by MerchLab is subject to inspection of the relevant hardware. If the existing hardware is faulty or damaged, MerchLab will not be able to refit skins.
If the client is re-skinning hardware themselves it is the client’s responsibility to ensure that the hardware is not faulty or damaged. MerchLab cannot be held liable for skins purchased that cannot be fitted properly due to faulty or damaged hardware.
It is the client’s responsibility to ensure they order the correct skin for the correct display unit.
Reskinning is specifically tailored to fit to MerchLab display hardware. MerchLab cannot be held responsible for any skins purchased to fit third-party hardware.
All artwork must be created in CMYK and all pantone colours must be included as a pantone solid coated spot within the print file supplied. Please note failing this will result in no colour matching taking place. Please also note due to the limited colour range of various digital CMYK Print methods, not all pantone colours can be achieved. We endeavour to match as closely as possible, but colour variation will take place on different materials like PVC versus Fabric.
Fluorescent and metallic pantones cannot be matched. Only a tonal representation thereof can be achieved.
Overexposure to sunlight will reduce the longevity of the print.
We encourage you to take care of the display fabric and remove it from direct sunlight at all opportunities.
Display fabrics purchased from MerchLab come with a 3-month limited print fade warranty.

